Change "IoT Cloud" to "Arduino Cloud" & Cloud, Cloud Editor, Education Support Updates [HC-1451, HC-1452, HC-1455] (#315)
arduino/help-center-content: content/Arduino Cloud/Arduino IoT Cloud/How-to-integrate-the-Arduino-Cloud-with-IFTTT.md

13. Write `counter_change` in **{event}** field and copy the URL from the curl command (we'll use it in the next section).

## Creating a Thing in Arduino Cloud

Next, we'll create a Thing that will use the webhook to trigger the IFTTT applet.

---

> 1. Go to [Arduino Cloud](https://www.arduino.cc/en/IoT/HomePage). If prompted, sign in to your Arduino account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Arduino Cloud](https://app.arduino.cc/). If prompted, sign in to your Arduino account.
```
